
(Philosophical intro)

Isn't it astonishing that the potential to change the world is inherent to the
small choices we take on a daily basis? Actions, as unnoticeable as the flap of
a butterfly's wings, can gain incredible power and shape the world.

This famous phenomenon, known as the butterfly effect, may be essential for
 tackling climate change, which undoubtedly will be one of the hardest
 challenges we and future generations will be facing: It is about taking action;
 even the smallest steps can help; and it is our goal to make it easy for
 everyone to start 'walking'.

(Introduction)

Hi, we are the BeCOOL team, a group of students from Europe whose members have
grown up on three different continents and societies that could hardly be more
different. Hence, we understand that taking action against climate change is a
highly individual and challenging task for individuals. We intend to enable
anyone to fight climate change, one small action at a time.

(Data - problem)

Going green is often associated with great sacrifice or a Bourgeoisie lifestyle.
Human emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases â€“ are a primary
driver of climate change. The math is simple: Fewer carbon dioxide released into
the atmosphere means less global warming. Our daily lives heavily influence this
emission.

Take shopping as an example. We all do it, but who has the dedication, and time,
to set up a shopping list which combines all our goals of a healthy,
environmentally friendly, yet affordable diet. In a small poll, we found that 9
out of 10 participants would like to buy greener products at a small additional
cost. roughly every second participant would even be willing to spend 5% or more
in the supermarket for greener products.

(Storytelling)

Now meet Mike. He is a young individual who seeks to live sustainably while
staying on a budget. Mike is overwhelmed by the plethora of available options at
the supermarket. How should he choose? Sometimes, he simply buys the cheapest
option, but he would not mind paying a bit more if he knew the product was much
greener. This is where BeCOOL, the app we've developed, comes in. BeCOOL helps
Mike to choose greener alternatives while respecting his budget.

(Platform presentation)

Using the app is very simple. First, you need to input your shopping list. Based
on your preferred supermarket of choice, BeCOOL will calculate the cheapest
option available in the market. You then can specify how much more you are
willing to pay to be COOL. Using our state of the art optimization algorithm,
users can see how spending an extra euro on the right alternative might lead to
a tremendous decrease in CO2 emission.

(Business plan)

The basic app is free to use, but you can unlock even more powerful options to
design a shopping list that fits your lifestyle choices for a small monthly fee,
and get rid of the ads, too.

(Conclusion)

Every step counts. We can all contribute. It's the joint effort that matters.

What are you waiting for? Try out the app and BeCOOL at your local store.
